As well as also bring more devotions to it. And we are really connecting to one of the beautiful
teachings.
According to Buddha teaching, according to Gurbel Masambhava and everyone,
there is nothing higher and deeper and more than the teaching to discover our inner nature.
There is nothing else. No words beyond Dzogchen teaching.
Even if we met Buddha somewhat by the right hand or Gurbel Masambhava met the right hand,
they will say there is nothing more than this Dzogchen teaching.
That's what every teaching says. Nothing higher, deeper, profound, dearer, more simple teaching
than the Dzogchen teachings.
And to compare with all Dzogchen teachings, when we look into the Dzogchen teaching,
to compare with other teachings, all Dzogchen, all other teachings are conceptual teachings.
Teachings on the conceptual, how to dispel by the conceptual to conceptual.
Dzogchen is the teaching, lead instant into beyond the conceptual.
It's therefore, it is in it, in nature, primordial wisdom Dzogchen teachings.
Today we are going to touch to that nature as the voice of the great masters, the lineage masters.
They are not just intellectuals talking these teachings, considering their practices.
They merited it, they actualized it, they got the realization.
They prefer their goal. Truly they are.
Therefore, when you read their life stories, how much they are humble, simple, drawn to the earth.
How much they are humane, really simple, humane.
But yeah, full of love, full of compassion, full of respect, respect, the appreciations,
and full with both each other.
Not just intellectually, kind of like talking back and forth and this and that things, really.
Observe completely that this thing is discovered in it, nature, exile as it is.
This Dzogchen teaching is reconnected to that very nature.
And how did they reconnect to that?
With the devotions, with confidence, and with both each other.
Follow the exile examples of those great teachings.
As God had taught, as God had remembered, as God had achieved, all those great masters taught.
So therefore, if we listen and we appreciate it, it is so important.
And when we have that, we are kind of more settling our own beautiful nature.
Not carried by the intellectual area and all these things.
Really, doing observant teaching.
In the new art teacher, always said a great master, K.T. Pardis, you know, making many times,
studying and practicing cooperating, not just a kind of like two separate things.
As we learn, we practice.
As we practice, we explore.
That's what we hope that it's not just something, it's two separate, government, department,
all combined, and from it.
So as we follow these Dzogchen teachings,
also that we all practice Dzogchen.
We listen to our understanding, we listen to our realization, our meaning of Dzogchen teaching.
One after another, and kind of really set our own beautiful nature.
And so those are the kind of what we have, we were told, and then...